Add `__hash__`/`__eq__` to requirements (#499)
pypa/packaging: docs/requirements.rst

    set()
    >>> url_req.marker
    <Marker('os_name == "a"')>

>     >>> # You can do simple comparissons between requirement objects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >>> # You can do simple comparisons between requirement objects:
```

    >>> Requirement("packaging") == Requirement("packaging")
    True

>     >>> # You can also do simple comparissons between sets of requirements:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    >>> # You can also perform simple comparisons between sets of requirements:
```

Author: Thank you very much for the suggestion @pradyunsg.
